# Questions
## 1. How is this project related to automatons?

This project is related to automatons in various ways, a compiler when reading a
source code file goes step by step reading all of it's characters to generate the
tokens/lexemes that compose the analyzed language. The way these tokens are generated
is defined by a series of rules and states in which the automaton (in this case, the compiler),
given it's current state can decide wich actions should follow or which token is the
most apropiate, optimally, an automaton that defines the behaviour of a compiler must be finite,
and optimally, it should be deterministic, as any kind of loops generated by any inconsistency or
faulty design that could be generated within the states, would render the compiler
unable to parse the source file correctly.

## 2. How is this project related to regular expressions?

When parsing the source code, and generating the tokens, regular expressions create "capture
groups", that wait until the compiler enters a state that matches the capture group represented
by the regular expression potentially would be part of a token, then, those regular expressions
can also be used to represent a set of valid series of tokens that then could be processed to
generate an output.

## 3. How is this project related to languages?

This purpose of a tools such as a compiler, an interpreter, or even a translator, is deeply related
to the concept of a language, since it's job is to process a series of charaters that represent a
language, generate a lexical representation of this first language, and then, given the coding or
desired rules, translate it to a target language. Bascaly, a compiler takes an input and processes
it un such way that the grammar and structure can match the terger language, creating a bridge that
allows a language to be interpreted, analized and ulmatedly, transmited as another.

## 4. How is this project related to syntactic trees?

Since a syntactic tree represents the way that a language is structured, what states and tarminal
values are valid, allow to not only check for gramatical errors, or faulty expressions, but also to
be used as a "guide" or "blueprint" for the target for which it's used. Again, conecting two languages
in a way that both are almost equivalent.
